En route to meet Vellyne Harpell and deliver supplies to the expedition in Icewind Dale, the wanderers reach the supposed safety of the Three Feathers Inn. The Inn sits in the middle of a mountain lake at the highest elevation of the Ten Trail that cuts through the Spine of the World, connecting the Dale to the southern realms. Over a single night at the Three Feathers, the group finds far more than a good night's sleep. They are warmly welcomed by those filling the common room, and the ale and spirits flow freely. Cam tries to break the ice among the newly met wanderers, Uki enthusiastically relishes many drinks and multiple plates of food, Ace is first at ease to be in a group but then is embarrassed after drawing too much individual attention, and Mairwen not-too-subtly pretends to eat and drink while avoiding both.

It quickly becomes apparent the building is full of suspicious characters, and it's hard to tell how friendly is TOO friendly. Cam wins an arm-wrestling contest against a hothead from Torrga Icevein's traveling market caravan, and Mairwen learns a little more about the fallen traveler outside the Inn. But schemes are clearly afoot: the night is punctuated by a surprise dead body found in Ace's room, a bungled case of murderous mistaken identity, and religious masquerades combined with a knocking coffin. All of this concludes with fire and smoke filling the Inn's second floor, as Uki leads the others in mortal combat against another of the hyena fiends, this time joined by the risen undead corpses of the adventurers who brought the fiend inside.