After the battles of their first few nights together, the group begins to get answers instead of action. Uki pays Torga for more information on the missing red-haired assassination target after her sudden disappearance during the battle and fire the night before. That night, Uki seemingly dreams of a well-dressed gentleman with ice blue eyes in the snowy blizzard.

They awake to a nearly empty Inn where they each discuss their ambitions for the expedition over bacon. Waylan the bard leaves Cam with a flirtatious smile and invitation to meet again, which Cam clunkily manages to reciprocate. Camping on the way to Bryn Shander, Mairwen revealed her true form as a magical fire being after Cam catches her coming back from an unsuccessful trapping trip late at night. Mairwen struggles to explain her nature but her companions seem to accept without too many questions, perhaps because another party member has already revealed her ability to partially morph into a polar bear.

As they approach the Southern gate of Bryn Shander, Ace sneaks through a private tunnel entrance under the walls while the rest of the crew is questioned by a guard inspecting their goods. Ace overhears a heated discussion outside the armory as Sheriff Southwell castigates some guards, worried about the potential for violence in the city.

Ace leads the group to their friend Narryl at the Cabinet of Curios to investigate the mysterious amulet further. At first Narryl is wary of the object, but eventually shares a book with the group detailing the story of the sorcerer Akar Kessell and the Crystal Shard Crenshinibon. The crystal shards are accompanied by tales of strange dreams and thoughts, which may or may not be related to Uki’s vision at the inn.

Uki, unable to resist the opportunity to break something by accident, cracks a scrimshaw unknowingly crafted by Mairwen herself and purchases it to save face. Narryl also recognizes Mairwen as an artist, although Mairwen herself only sees the work of her memories and not her own. 

The group checks the town notice board for names and faces the group might recognize from their run-ins so far, but only find tangential rewards for miscellaneous quests. As they unload the supplies at the expedition office, Mairwen unburdens herself from her secret and shares the full story of how she went from a simple flame spirit cooking beans to embodying the recently deceased Mairwen at the will of Mairwen’s mother. Cam steps close and for the first time, realizes that Mairwen has no pulse or heartbeat confirming her story. 

They speak to Lady Harpell, who gives them the details of the expedition for which she is hiring a small group to undertake: the search for the arcane and artifact; the uncovering of the goddess Aurel’s mysterious curse; and the earning of good-will on Lady Harpell’s behalf with the people of Ten Towns. 

The group catches Lady Harpell up on Lorraine, the fallen traveler slain by an ice dagger. Lady Harpell tells them of a similar incident reported by the Targos Crier and encourages them to investigate, insinuating it might be the best lead to find Aurel the Frost Maiden.

When she hears of the failed assassination attempt and sees the letter found on the assassin’s body, Lady Harpell reveals she knows Avarice the albino Teifling in The Arcane Brotherhood, but had only bitter words to share. She also reveals what she knows of The Frozen Prince named Levistus who rules over the 7th level of hell.

Finally, she encourages the crew to assist a group of Dwarves at Kelvin’s Comfort who are drinking away their sorrows from losing a large shipment of iron to a Yeti. Ace raises concerns over their relationship with the Dwarves, and Mairwen steps in to encourage the team to tackle the larger mystery of the Ice Dagger instead. They head to the North Look Inn to rest and reset.